 These data represent the result of an experiment on subliminal priming. A subliminal prime is a stimulus, like a word,
 that is displayed so quickly that it is not consciously perceived. The goal of the study is to see if and how subliminal primes affect behavior in a performance task.

  Here are the instructions participants were given.
  
  "In your task, you will briefly see X boxes on your screen displayed for 2 seconds. You need to remember the locations of these boxes. When the boxes disappear, 
  your goal is to click on the screen X times in the location of the boxes. If all of your clicks are within the locations of the boxes that 
  were presented, you will earn a bonus. If any of your clicks are not within the boxes, you will not earn a bonus."
  
  After reading the instructions, participants were given a subliminal prime. That is, a word was briefly displayed on their screen for 100ms. 
  This was fast enough that participants could not consciously see the word, but slow enough that they could be unconsciously perceived.
  
  After the subliminal prime was displayed, participants were asked to rate how confident they would be that they would click on all of the 
  boxes on a scale from 1 to 100 with 1 being not confident at all, and 100 being extremely confident.

  When participants were ready, they clicked a button called "Show the boxes". After clicking this button, participants were shown the locations 
  of the X boxes for 2 seconds. The boxes then disappeared, and participants could then click on the screen to indicate where they thought the boxes 
  were. When they were finished, they completed a brief survey.

  There were 3 main manipulations in the experiment. 
  
  IV 1: The number of boxes presented to the participant. The more boxes presented, the more difficult the task was.
  IV 2: The word that participants were primed with. The most important word was "accurate" as this was expected to increase performance. Other words were used as controls.
  IV 3: The color of the subliminal word that was presented. While there is prior research showing that subliminal primes can affect behavior, no research has tested if
        the color of subliminal primes has an effect on their influence.

  Here are the main dependent variables in the experiment.
  
  DV 1: Did the participant accurately click on all of the box locations? 
  DV 2: How confident was the participant that they would click on all of the box locations?
  DV 3: How long did it take for the participant to complete the task?
  DV 4: How interested was the participant in the task?
 
 
  ## DATA
  The final dataset is in priming.txt. Here is a description of the columns of the data:
  
  id: A random id for the participants given in the order in which they completed the study.
  sex: The sex of the participant (0 = male, 1 = female)
  age: The age of the participant
  race: The race of the participant
  color: The color of the word presented to the part
  word: The subliminal word presented to the participant
  education: The participants highest level of education
  boxes: How many boxes were presented to the participant? 
  accuracy: Did the participant correctly click on each box? 0 = no, 1 = yes
  confidence: How confident was the participant that they would click on all of the boxes? 1 = not confident at all, 100 = very confident.
  rt: How long did it take the participant to click the boxes? Measured in milliseconds.
  interest: How interested was the participant in the task? 1 = not at all, 7 = very interested.
